Add a warning about langchain partner pacakge and promote model-from-code (#13140)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/langchain/index.rst

- `Agents <https://python.langchain.com/docs/modules/agents/>`_
- `RetrievalQA <https://js.langchain.com/docs/modules/chains/popular/vector_db_qa>`_
- `Retrievers <https://python.langchain.com/docs/modules/data_connection/retrievers/>`_
- `Runnables <https://python.langchain.com/v0.1/docs/expression_language/interface/>`_
- `LangGraph Complied Graph <https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/reference/graphs/>`_ (only supported via `Model-from-Code <#logging-models-from-code>`_)

.. warning::

>     There is a known deserialization issue when logging chain/agent that includes LangChain components from `the partner packages <https://python.langchain.com/v0.1/docs/integrations/platforms/#partner-packages>`_ such as ``langchain-openai``. If you log such models using the legacy serialization based logging, the some components might be loaded from ``langchain-community`` package instead of the partner package, which can lead to unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There is a known deserialization issue when logging chains or agents dependent upon LangChain components from `the partner packages <https://python.langchain.com/v0.1/docs/integrations/platforms/#partner-packages>`_ such as ``langchain-openai``. If you log such models using the legacy serialization based logging, some components may be loaded from the respective ``langchain-community`` package instead of the partner package library, which can lead to unexpected behavior or import errors when executing your code.
```

    </section>

`Detailed Documentation <guide/index.html>`_
--------------------------------------------

To learn more about the details of the MLflow LangChain flavor, read the detailed guide below.

.. raw:: html
Logging models from Code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

    <a href="guide/index.html" class="download-btn">View the Comprehensive Guide</a>
Since MLflow 2.12.2, MLflow introduced the ability to log LangChain models directly from a code definition.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :hidden:
The feature provides several benefits to manage LangChain models:

    guide/index.rst

> FAQ

Author: The diff went crazy while I just moved up the "How can I log my chain from code?" question to a dedicated section. There is no changes in other part of the FAQ. I believe it's much easier to review via the preview doc.

    </section>

Logging models from Code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Since MLflow 2.12.2, MLflow introduced the ability to log LangChain models directly from a code definition.

The feature provides several benefits to manage LangChain models:

> 1. **Avoid Serialization Complication**: File handles, sockets, external connections, dynamic references, lambda functions and system resources are unavailable for pickling. Some LangChain components does not support native serialization, e.g. ``RunnableLambda``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Avoid Serialization Complication**: File handles, sockets, external connections, dynamic references, lambda functions and system resources are unavailable for pickling. Some LangChain components do not support native serialization, e.g. ``RunnableLambda``.
```

> 1. **Avoid Serialization Complication**: File handles, sockets, external connections, dynamic references, lambda functions and system resources are unavailable for pickling. Some LangChain components does not support native serialization, e.g. ``RunnableLambda``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **Avoid Serialization Complication**: File handles, sockets, external connections, dynamic references, lambda functions and system resources are unpicklable. Some LangChain components does not support native serialization, e.g. ``RunnableLambda``.
```

2. **No Pickeling**: Loading a pickle or cloudpickle file in a Python version that was different than the one used to serialize the object does not guarantee compatibility.

3. **Readability**: The serialized objects are often hardly readable by humans. Model-from-code allows you to review your model definition via code.

> Refer to the `Models From Code feature documentation <../../models.html#models-from-code>`_ for more information about this feature.

Reviewer 2: We'd better add a note here and in models-from-code page  saying that: 
Please check your langchain model definition code doesn't include credentials such as Openai token, MLFlow loggging implementation doesn't check it and it might cause your private token being uploaded to MLflow model repository unexpectedly.

Author: 100%, added a warning block to the both page!

> 2. **No Pickeling**: Loading a pickle or cloudpickle file in a Python version that was different than the one used to serialize the object does not guarantee compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **No Pickling**: Loading a pickle or cloudpickle file in a Python version that was different than the one used to serialize the object does not guarantee compatibility.
```
